Update links (#13507)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-docs.md

- Use docs here [Jekyll installation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/macos/)

> {% include alert.html type="light" title="Note" content="In case of any installation issues, use the <a href="https://meshery.io/community#discussion-forums">discussion forum</a>." %}

Author: ```suggestion
{% include alert.html type="light" title="Note" content="In case of any installation issues, use the <a href='https://meshery.io/community#discussion-forums'>discussion forum</a>." %}
```
